openthread: samples: Adding overlays for CI and multiprotocol. (#7554)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/openthread/cli/README.rst

* :file:`overlay-rtt.conf` - Redirects logs to RTT.
  For more information about RTT please refer to :ref:`RTT logging <ug_logging>`.
* :file:`overlay-debug.conf` - Enables debbuging the Thread sample with GDB thread awareness.

> * :file:`overlay-ci.conf` - Disables boot banned and shell prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :file:`overlay-ci.conf` - Disables boot banner and shell prompt.
```

> * :file:`overlay-multiprotocol.conf` - Enables BLE support in this sample.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :file:`overlay-multiprotocol.conf` - Enables Bluetooth LE support in this sample.
```
